maneuvers
but
so were the two days of meeting
was modeling disturbances
the first experience was already as class between the pilots two of the
best in the country
luciano a death is the Brazilian deputy champion of helicopter piloting
I'm a delegate
with the structure that is very cool structure that was very nice
and at national level
is one of the pyramids for adaptation is thus pauleta
just to be here cargaleiro goalie rubinho practice difficult the wonderful
It's wonderful, dude, I like somebody.
really something like that in participating in the unique event that lives the galera of God
also stated that Simon
fable to say the Brazilian champion for the late modeling of aeromodelismo
for him this is not just a joke but he wanted
jokes aside the aeromodelismo a sport that must be taken seriously
first of all that just being here I think
the best timely response
the very attractive man in the sporting leaves that the others
I think she has to first look for the staff here neighbors already
practice sports is forming better and with certainty
the police academy had to intervene with the future modeler, who can practice
with music who amuse me this marvel of the brand
joining these two pilots to abandon modernism
the show is complete
this happens in surprising maneuvers
after the blatant
how the difference between the airplane the helicopter helped
draw the commands
completely different atkinson né the only likely tabaranas stream
background revealed drank rich for a photo with the actor
American helicopters huts with snow passes we talk about
is the limit
According to Nicole, the nettle is like that.
I think she is a little
the difficult plane plane competition also difficult to make a new
manifestation of practice
premium pms and training also for the organizers of the event were two
days of pure criminal therapy
It's not every day that we see a little machine like this traveling.
people actually arrested us, he thought that the leader of
away view site and participant
of pragas são paulo that is the captain the Brazilian champion should body
the two-time Brazilian champion of aeromodelling a crowd also coming from cuiabá to
person turns on s
and so if we are well made, she has been missing since the present day
around
eight cities in the region
has weight of the great southern river also had parent roles to prestige our people